#linux distros
https://www.ubuntupitcom/best-5-linux-distros-for-developers-programmers/

#github tutorial
https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/gitlab-basics/start-using-git.html

#windows 10 uefi installer usb
https://www.windowscentral.com/how-create-windows-10-usb-bootable-media-uefi-support

#particle data sending and recieving
https://docs.particle.io/reference/device-os/firmware/photon/

#over air update with Argon
https://community.particle.io/t/when-will-we-get-an-argon-update/47265/2

#raspberry pi exernal usb mounting
https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/configuration/external-storage.md

#phpmysql, apache, and phpmyadmin setup
https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-mysql-phpmyadmin/
https://howtoraspberrypi.com/how-to-install-web-server-raspberry-pi-lamp/

#php mysql database connection
https://www.w3schools.com/php/php_mysql_insert_multiple.asp

#php-mysql tutorial
https://www.a2hosting.com/kb/developer-corner/mysql/managing-mysql-databases-and-users-from-the-command-line

#myphpadmin tutorial
https://www.siteground.com/tutorials/phpmyadmin/

#raspberry pi headless mode
https://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/raspberry-pi-headless-setup-how-to,6028.html

#ntfs hard drive recovery linux
https://askubuntu.com/questions/47700/fix-corrupt-ntfs-partition-without-windows

#magic mirror using raspberry pi
http://blog.dylanjpierce.com/raspberrypi/magicmirror/tutorial/2015/12/27/build-a-magic-mirror.html

#android boot from sd card
http://linux-sunxi.org/Boot_Android_from_SdCard

#FTP setup for raspberry pi
https://howtoraspberrypi.com/setup-ftp-server-raspberry-pi/

#Java setup on arch linux
https://linuxhint.com/install_oracle_jdk11_arch_linux/

#Rpi amazon with heatsinks model 3 B+
https://www.amazon.com/Raspberry-Model-Computer-Performance-Heatsink/dp/B01CMC50S0/ref=sr_1_10?keywords=raspberry+pi&qid=1560455409&s=gateway&sr=8-10

#Javascript and PHP for mysql graphing
https://phpro.org/tutorials/Creating-Graphs-With-PHP-MySQL-D3JS.html

#sdcard to server particle
https://community.particle.io/t/uploading-locally-logged-data-stored-on-an-sd-to-a-cloud-server/14152/4

#arch linux minimilast install
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfC5hgdtbWY

#python graphing mysql data
https://plot.ly/python/graph-data-from-mysql-database-in-python/

#python automatic detection of arduino serial with raspberry pi usb port
http://arduino-er.blogspot.com/2015/04/python-auto-detect-arduino-connect.html

#php-mysql with google charts
http://www.agcross.com/2015/01/connect-google-chart-mysql-database-part-2/

#traditional vs roth ira
https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/investing/roth-or-traditional-ira-account

#glock 43 vs mp shield m2.0 vs sig p365
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT6K9LfZcEc

#pixy cm communication
https://docs.pixycam.com/wiki/doku.php?id=wiki:v2:porting_guide#i2c
